Walmart's success also stems from its
strategic operational innorations and a
focus on sustainability.Cross-docking,
where products more dire.ctly from
incoming to outgoing trucks minimized the
need for storage and sped up product
distributionreducing both costs and
delivery times.Walmart also focused on
sustainability,using blockchain to enhance
transparency in its food supply chain and
implementing Project Gigaton'to cut
emissions.The company's ability to adapt
tothe rise of e-commercethrough
automated distribution centers and last
mile delirery solutions allowedit to stay
competitire'in the digital age Combined
with its extensire global supplier network,
these strategies enabled Walmart to
maintain its cost leadership and globa
reach securing its position as aretail
powerhouse.